README.md, before:

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/yutkat/yutkat/">
    <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=bardblue0821" alt="bardblue0821" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/bardblue0821">
    <img height="20" src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/bardblue0821?label=follow&logo=github&style=flat" />
  </a>
</p>

### こんにちは！👋
bardblue です。Web アプリケーション開発に興味があり、Laravel、React/Next.js、AWS の学習を始めました。<br>
Laravel で VRChat ユーザー向けの体験共有サイトを作成しました。<a href="https://dokoiku-vr.bardblue.com/">DokoIku-VR </a><br>
普段の業務では、C/C++、Python、MATLAB を使用し、アプリケーション開発を行っています。

### Hi 👋
I'm bardblue, began learning Laravel, React/Next.js, and related tech to develop and operate WEB applications.<br>
Here is the one of my portfolios, <a href="https://dokoiku-vr.bardblue.com/">DokoIku-VR </a>, for users enjoying VRChat. <br>
Experienced C/C++, Python, and MATLAB for works.<br>
Thank you!

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Top Langs" height="200px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bardblue0821&theme=tokyonight" />
  <img alt="github stats" height="200px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bardblue0821&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true" />
</p>

<!--[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=bardblue0821&theme=tokyonight&column=7)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://skillicons.dev">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=laravel,react,next,html,css,js,php,vite" /><br>
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,aws,docker,c,cpp,py,matlab" />
  </a>
</p>

Commit message:

ADd anchor to portfolio site.

README.md, after:

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/yutkat/yutkat/">
    <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=bardblue0821" alt="bardblue0821" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/bardblue0821">
    <img height="20" src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/bardblue0821?label=follow&logo=github&style=flat" />
  </a>
</p>

### こんにちは！👋
bardblue です。Web アプリケーション開発に興味があり、Laravel、React/Next.js、AWS の学習を始めました。<br>
ポートフォリオは <a href="https://bardblue0821.github.io/biography/">こちら</a><br>。
Laravel で VRChat ユーザー向けの体験共有サイトを作成しました。<a href="https://dokoiku-vr.bardblue.com/">DokoIku-VR </a><br>
業務では BtoB アプリケーション開発（C/C++、Python、MATLAB）を行っています。

### Hi! 👋
I'm bardblue, began learning Laravel, React/Next.js, and related tech to develop and operate WEB applications.<br>
Here is the one of my portfolio, <a href="https://dokoiku-vr.bardblue.com/">DokoIku-VR </a>, for users enjoying VRChat. <br>
You can see other applications <a href="https://bardblue0821.github.io/biography/">here</a><br>.
Experienced C/C++, Python, and MATLAB for works.<br>
Thank you!

<p align="center">
  <img alt="Top Langs" height="200px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=bardblue0821&theme=tokyonight" />
  <img alt="github stats" height="200px" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=bardblue0821&theme=tokyonight&show_icons=true" />
</p>

<!--[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=bardblue0821&theme=tokyonight&column=7)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)-->

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://skillicons.dev">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=laravel,react,next,html,css,js,php,vite" /><br>
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,aws,docker,c,cpp,py,matlab" />
  </a>
</p>
